Marta Fantozzi
Specialist in wellness theory
Personal infomation
Schriberweidstrasse
Pfäffikon ZH
marta.f1992@gmail.com
+39 3208565700
Roma, 29 Ottobre 1992
Personal profile
Specialist in aesthetics and theory of wellness with an eye towards the continuous improvement of the techniques and the discovery of new ones. Constantly aiming for a proactive and kind approach to let every person around me feel in harmony with themselves. During numerous work experiences I learned to quickly empathize and adapt to the required standards. Main challenges overcome: management and technical direction of beauty center, coordination and integration of resources, protocol definition for high-end treatment.
Mothertongue
Intermediate – B1
2021 - 2024
Therapist and Beauty Ambassador, The Longevity Suite, Advanced Beauty Center, Monza.
Use of advanced aesthetic techniques, specialization in the field of cryotherapy, Ultra Shape, Multi LED Sensory, LPG, Laser, Ultratone, radiofrequency and cosmeceutics.
Use of advanced massage technique as Kobido and manual lifting. Refinement of skills in the field of nutrition, with particular attention to various techniques including intermittent fasting, detox, integration. Training and coordination of new starters with particular attention to instil company values, customer care and technical know-how.
2018 - 2021
Beautician, Dolce Vita, Beauty Center, Parma.
Improvement of basic aesthetic techniques, with particular focus on face and body treatments. Assumption of management and technical direction, with refinement of sales and customer reception techniques.
2017
Aesthetic medical assistant internship, Studio Regina Maria Pia, Aesthetic medical center, Roma. Refinement and practice of the techniques learned during the specialization course.
2016
Beautician, La Maison de Beaute, Beauty Center, Roma
Carrying out advanced aesthetic treatments. At the same time, participation in the Biutop Webinar appointments carried out by Marco Postiglione (founder of Biutop).
2014 - 2015
Beautician, Monti Beauty & Spa, Beauty Center, Roma.
Carrying out basic beauty treatments.
2014 - 2015
Make-up artist, Channel 10 television studio, Roma.
Collaboration with Canale 10 as a make-up artist. Protagonist of an episode with demonstration and explanation of different techniques for day/evening make-up.
Maggio 2014
Make-up artist, Valeria Marini fashion show, Roma
Presentation of the 2015 collection, together with the hair stylist Federico Fashion Style (Federico Lauri).
Work experiences
Marta Fantozzi
Specialist in wellness theory
2013 - 2014
Beautician and sales, Beauty Point, Wellness center and perfumery, Roma.
Traditional aesthetics for cabin and massage:
➢
Circulatory, Postural, Relaxing, Ayurveda, Rolled massage with crystals, Aromatherapy
Use of professional machinery:
➢
Pressotherapy, Radio frequency face and body, Sailing, Kaja, Physiotrans, Electrolipolysis, Cryotherapy, Physiolift, Fit, Comfort-integree
➢
Customer loyalty and sales
Work experiences
Education
2021
‘Epilaser’ training and method course, Bologna.
Acquisition of skills and manual skills with 808 diode laser equipment.
2020
Brazilian waxing course, Parma.
Acquisition of skills and manual skills for the correct carrying out of the treatment.
2019
Eyelash lamination course, KLC Lash Lift, Parma,.
Acquisition of specific skills to carry out the treatment, with particular attention to the prevention of eye infections.
2017
Assistant course in the aesthetic doctor's office, Istituto di Alta Formazione, Roma.
Specialization in skills of supporting the aesthetic doctor during medical-aesthetic treatments and welcoming the customer.
2016
Relaxing and postural massage training course, Laksmi, Roma.
2014-2015
Professional aesthetic specialization, Isep school of professional aesthetics, Aprilia.
Achievement of specialization with a score of 30/30.
Professional tattoo and piercing course, Roma.
Training to improve workplace safety and health and hygiene standards.
Professional first aid course.
Course to achieve the first level of Reiky, Roma.
Training to enhance holistic and homeopathic skills.
2012 - 2014
Two-year professional aesthetics course, School of professional aesthetics Gruppo Profilo,Roma.
Score: 30/30, Thesis: Crystal Therapy.
2007 - 2012
Classical psycho-pedagogical high school, Anco Marzio high school, Roma.